Episode 5 - Lets get hooked

Two types of export - 1) Default export => export default compName , to Import => import component from 'Path'
2) Named export => export const component; To Import => import {component} from "Path".

Q) Is it possible to do both kind of export in a single file. 
Q) Hooks - Normal JS utility function written by fb devs. Two very important hooks 1) useState() 2) useEffect() --> contd 1:29mins apply bnp paribas
q) Whenever a state variable changes, the react will re-render the component. (Time: 1:41 -> to see the modified code
Q) React fibre algorithm(check github link), React conciallation

Episode 6 - Exploring the world
q) Monolith architecture - Having all the service like api,ui, db, auth, message service in a single project is called monolith architecture.
q) Microservice architecture - Different services for different jobs, All the service like above forms a app. It forms a single responsibility and each service
doesn't interfere.  Ex: namaste react is a UI service. In this case, seaprate lang can be used in each service, ui in js api in java. They run on different
ports. Ports can be mapped.
q) Two Approaches how UI fetches the data from backend
First approach : Load the page, send the api and wait for the api's to complete and then load the page. Till api is finished the UI doesn't show anything.
Second Approach: Load the page, render the skelton --> fire the apis --> Again re-render it. In react this approach is followed vivdly. React 
renders fastly so it does not cause any issues. It gives a better UX experience. 

q) UseEffect - it has 2 arguments, first is a callback function and second is dependency array. Import this as named variable. The callback  will be called 
as soon as the render cycle is finished. 
q) Optional chaining -learn more.
q) Shimmer UI - loading the fake page until the actual page is loaded.
q) Why do we use useState method? - The reason is if we want to have a local variable and change dynamically like login-logout example of a same button,
the we have to use the useState method. For dynamic purpose the concept is used. Syntax => const[a,b] =useState(""), here a is the variable and b is the
function which is used to change the a's value. We cannot directly modify the a value, we have to use a function to modify.
q) why react is faster? - react fibre finds the difference between the two virtual doms and updates only which is necessary.